
**2022' TSN-Peeper: an Efficient Traffic Monitor in Time-Sensitive Networking**

Time-Sensitive Networking (TSN) is proposed in recent years to satisfy the strict performance requirements of time-sensitive traffic in a growing number of emerging applications. Even though several traffic scheduling algorithms have been standardized for TSN to pursue this goal, time-sensitive flows may not be forwarded as planned and thus fail to achieve the expected performance in real networks. The fundamental cause lies in the fact that static offline planning cannot adapt to the intrinsic dynamic factors in TSN (e.g., time-synchronization error) at runtime. Hence, next-generation TSN will benefit from a closed-loop design where a performance monitoring system provides feedback of real-time packet-forwarding information. In our research, TSN-Peeper, a light-weight, fast-response and full-coverage TSN performance monitoring system, is designed and evaluated. This paper describes its architecture design and data collection mechanisms that enable timely identification and collection of packet-forwarding misbehavior at low-cost in TSN. TSN-Peeper offloads the misbehavior identification in the switch to relieve the burden on the controller and network bandwidth. To reduce the interruption frequency to the controller, it uses probe packets to collect misbehavior information in aggregation with optimized path planning. To realize controllable reporting delays, it optimizes the sending moments of probe packets according to the flow settings. Experimental results verify that TSN-Peeper offers fast response with low cost while providing full coverage and being scalable.

This paper uses a centralized scheduling algorithm 
